[permission_handler] Revise OpenAppSettings (#142)
flutter-tizen/plugins: packages/permission_handler/README.md

   For detailed usage of the plugin, see https://github.com/Baseflow/flutter-permission-handler#how-to-use.

## Notes

> This plugin is intended for **Galaxy Watch** devices only. On **TV**s, you don't need to request permissions since they are already granted to apps by default.

Author: https://github.com/flutter-tizen/plugins/pull/139#discussion_r663633036
@swift-kim  sorry for my mistake

Reviewer: No problem. That's a really minor change.

> ## Limitations
> 
> - This plugin is only supported on **Galaxy Watch** devices running **Tizen 5.5** or later. On **TV**s, you don't need to request permissions since they are already granted to apps by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Notes

This plugin is intended for **Galaxy Watch** devices only. On **TV**s, you don't need to request permissions since they are already granted to apps by default.
```

Now supports Tizen 4.0.

Author: I've update it, thanks :)
